adds cloud systems part 1 blog (#898)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/cloud-systems-part-one/index.md

a {
    color: white;
    -webkit-transition: color .5s ease-out;
    transition: color .5s ease-out;
    text-decoration: none;
}

a:hover, a:active {
    color: rgb(255, 157, 112);
}

header {
    background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, .8);
    height: 80px;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    width: 100%;
}

header li {
    color: white;
}

.active a {
    color: rgb(255, 157, 112);
}

.social {
    position: absolute;
    right: 50px;
    top: -5px;
    font-size: 30px;
}

.social li {
    margin: 0 5px 0 5px;
}

.logo {
    position: absolute;
    left: 10px;
    margin-left: 20px;
    font-size: 60px;
    color: white;
}

body {
    background: url('./background.jpg');
    background-size: cover;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
}

.banner {
    width: 60vw;
    font-family: Teko;
    font-size: 2vw;
    text-align: center;
    margin-top: 15vw;
    margin-left: 20vw;
}

.banner p {
    font-family: News Cycle;
}
```

Your `normalize.css` can be copied from [this respository](github.com/necolas/normalize.css), and the expected `background.jpg` can be downloaded from [this repository](https://github.com/katcosgrove/cloud-systems-101/blob/main/part-one/website/background.jpg).

> To see what this looks like before we deploy it, install live-server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see what this looks like before we deploy it, install `live-server`:
```

Reviewer: Also, I'm thinking it might be a good idea to note that this is part of the optional install of Node (i.e., if they skipped that dependency, they can't run this).

`npm install -g live-server`

And run it from the same directory as your `index.html` file:

`live-server`

Your browser should automatically open to localhost:8080, but if it doesn’t, navigate there yourself and you’ll see your website.

## Configuring an S3 Bucket

> It’s time to deploy this thing to S3. From your project’s root, run source venv/bin/activate to make sure we’re in a virtual environment and run pip3 install pulumi-aws. From now on, we’ll be working in `__main__.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s time to deploy this thing to S3. From your project’s root, run `source venv/bin/activate` to make sure we’re in a virtual environment, and run `pip3 install pulumi-aws`. From now on, we’ll be working in `__main__.py`
```

For imports, we need the following:

```python
import json
import mimetypes
import os

from pulumi import export, FileAsset
from pulumi_aws import s3
```

> We’re going to be reading files from the OS and working with JSON, so we need the first three packages from the standard Python library. We’re also going to be using Pulumi. You will already have the `pulumi` package installed, but we also need the AWS provider. To get that, run `pip3 install pulumi-aws`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re going to be reading files from the operating system and working with JSON, so we need the first three packages from the standard Python library. We’re also going to be using Pulumi. You will already have the `pulumi` package installed, but we also need the AWS provider, which we just installed.
```

```python
web_bucket = s3.Bucket('s3-website-bucket',
    website=s3.BucketWebsiteArgs(
        index_document="index.html",
    ))
```

> Here, we are instantiating an s3 Bucket object and assigning it to the web_bucket variable. S3 buckets are capable of hosting websites, but we have to tell the bucket that’s what it’s going to be doing, and what it shouyld expect the index document to be called. Ours is just called index.html.

Author: Good point -- I'll add some small stuff like that after this workshop.

> yes
  no
  details
```

If everything goes smoothly, you'll see more feedback from Pulumi showing each resource that was created:

```bash
     Type                    Name                Status
 +   pulumi:pulumi:Stack     static-site-s3-dev  created
 +   ├─ aws:s3:Bucket        s3-website-bucket   created
 +   ├─ aws:s3:BucketObject  index.html          created
 +   ├─ aws:s3:BucketObject  style.css           created
 +   ├─ aws:s3:BucketObject  normalize.css       created
 +   ├─ aws:s3:BucketObject  background.jpg      created
 +   └─ aws:s3:BucketPolicy  bucket-policy       created

Outputs:
    bucket_name: "s3-website-bucket-89f0341"
    website_url: "s3-website-bucket-89f0341.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"

Resources:
    + 7 created

Duration: 6s

```

Notice the `Outputs` section there. Those are the two things we exprted at the very end of our `__main__.py`: the ID of the bucket, and the website URL. Click on the website URL, and you'll see your personal site, deployed to AWS S3 and publicly accessible by anyone! If you don't want to keep this up, run `pulumi destroy` to tear down all of these resources, and you're done!

> We're not quite done yet, though -- this site is a little slow, and it's not very interactive. Maybe we want some kind of database associated with it, or the convenience of containers, or the scalability of Kubernetes. Stay tuned for the next tutorial in this series, where we'll keep building on this website to introduce more modern cloud engineering tools until it looks like something you'd happily call production!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're not quite done yet, though&mdash;this site is a little slow, and it's not very interactive. Maybe we want some kind of database associated with it, or the convenience of containers, or the scalability of Kubernetes. Stay tuned for the next tutorial in this series, where we'll keep building on this website to introduce more modern cloud engineering tools until it looks like something you'd happily call production!
```
